Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: openTMM
Version: 0.1.0
Summary: Electrodynamic S-matrix Code
Home-page: http://mesoscopic.mines.edu/mediawiki/index.php/Free_Python_codes
Author: Alex J. Yuffa
Author-email: ayuffa@gmail.com
License: The MIT License
Description: 
        openTMM is an object-oriented electrodynamic S-matrix (transfer matrix) code with modern applications.
        
        Electromagnetic wave propagation through planar stratified media (multilayer stack); the three-dimensional space is divided into layers.  The interfaces separating the layers are assumed to be perfectly planar and the layers are assumed to be isotropic and homogeneous, with a complex permittivity and permeability.  Moreover, the layers may be composed of a left-handed material (negative refractive material) and/or a right-handed material.  The implementation is suitable for the study of modern applications, e.g., Anderson localization of light and sub-wavelength imaging.
        
        For more details see our preprint, openTMMpreprint.pdf, which is distributed with the source code.
        
        
        MAJOR CHANGES IN VERSION 0.1.0:
        
        1.  Changed standard transfer matrix alg. to S-matrix alg.  The solution should now be numerically stable in presence of large absorption.
        
        2.  Rewrote openTMMpreprint.pdf.  It now includes a discussion of different transfer matrix algorithms and performance comparison of python to Fortran 90/95 as well as numerical stability tests.
        
Platform: Linux
Platform: Unix
Platform: Mac OS X
Platform: Windows
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Operating System :: Unix
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.5
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Programming Language :: Fortran
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Physics
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Atmospheric Science
