Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: smtpdropbox
Version: 1.0
Summary: Pure-python library to capture emails into a dropbox
Home-page: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/smtpdropbox/1.0
Author: Kevin J. Rice
Author-email: justanyone@gmail.com
License: UNKNOWN
Description: 
        Readme File for smtpdropbox
        
        Smtpdropbox is a subclass of the smtpd module.  It allows a user
        to set up an smtp daemon on a random port and send emails to it.
        When the daemon receives an email, it parses it and saves the
        parsed data structure to a file on the filesystem.  This file is
        saved in JSON format (using the standard JSON library of Python)
        to help users easily recreate / use the data from the email.
        
        Common uses for this module are for testing software that sends
        automated emails.  If that software points to this smtp server,
        the emails can be trapped and parsed automatically, verifying that
        the email was sent and what is in the email.
        
        FUTURE WORK
        
        This library does not save file attachments (yet).  An enhancement
        would be to make it save any/all attachments as individual files,
        hopefully named the same as they were in the email.
        
        Also, future work includes adding the ability to save the mail
        message received as a plain text file as well as a json file.  it
        currently does not do so, though it hasn't been done yet.
        
        
        PARAMETERS
        
        When instantiating this class, you specify the boxname (really, this
        is localhost or 127.0.0.1) and port number to listen on, the
        boxname to forward messages to (as yet unimplemented), the names of
        the textfile and json file, and the number of messages to process
        before exiting (0=infinite).
        
        
        The test has a complete example of usage.
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Intended Audience :: End Users/Desktop
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: System Administrators
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: Python Software Foundation License
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Topic :: Communications :: Email
Classifier: Topic :: Office/Business
