Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: Products.SimpleChat
Version: 1.0.4
Summary: A Zope (runs in pure Zope 2) product for chatting, simple and accessible.  Also support Ajax sending and retrieval of messages
Home-page: http://www.nidelven-it.no/d
Author: Morten W. Petersen
Author-email: info@nidelven-it.no
License: GPL
Description: Simple chat product, which enables users to chat and report users if
        necessary, and managers can ban/unban users.  Kind of an IRC light.
        
        Anyone with a View permission can participate in the chat and report
        users, while users with the Manage permission can ban/unban.
        
        Uses the CreateAppendGet product to store and retrieve chat content,
        so that a growing PersistentList or PersistentDict doesn't bloat the
        database too much.  Maybe CAG is wholly unecessary but it seemed like
        a good idea at the time.
        
        Suitable for example in a pop-up window, as the format and style of
        the product is very simple.
        
        Works with and without Javascript enabled in the users' browser, and
        made specificially to be accessible for users with visual impairments.
        Ajax fetching and sending of chat lines is disabled for Internet
        Explorer.
        
        Created initially for the The Norwegian Association of the Blind and
        Partially Sighted - NABP (blindeforbundet.no/internett/english-info).
        
        Available in English and Norwegian.
        
        1.0.4 (2012-01-26)
        
              Bumped version and eggified product.
        
              Moved to CreateAppendGet 1.0 and now importing it without
              Products namespace prefix.
        
              Fixed new KeyError when LANGUAGE is missing from REQUEST.
        
        1.0.3
        
        	Removed print statement that cluttered Zope output.
        
        	Fixed buggy "Send" button for Internet Explorer.
        
        1.0.2
        
        	Made "See banned" accessible to users with Manage permission.
        
        	Added notice and handling for Internet Explorer, only manual
        	HTML updates are available, no Ajax.
        
        	Added automatic focus to message input box.
        
        	Made "Go to last read line" not reload the page.
        
Keywords: python zope plone silva chat messaging acessibility ajax justrox
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Framework :: Zope2
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: Zope Public License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
